feat!: remove nunjucks support and `ag` CLI (#1756)
asyncapi/generator: .changeset/remove-deprecated-nunjucks-cli.md

---
"@asyncapi/generator": major
"@asyncapi/generator-helpers": major
---

### Breaking Changes
* You must use Node.js 24.11 or higher, and NPM 11.5.1 or higher
* Nunjucks renderer removed — React is now the sole rendering engine. No need to specify render engine in config anymore
* Nunjucks filters package and its public filters removed; filter-based template APIs no longer available.

> * `ag` CLI is no longer available. Long time ago it was already announced that it will be removed and people should move to [AsyncAPI CLI](https://github.com/asyncapi/cli/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ag` CLI is no longer available. It was announced some time ago that it would be deprecated, and users are encouraged to switch to the [AsyncAPI CLI](https://github.com/asyncapi/cli/)
```
